bluetooth: host: Introduce nRF Connect SDK Bluetooth Host (#27863)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth/host/api/l2cap.rst

.. _bt_l2cap:

Logical Link Control and Adaptation Protocol (L2CAP)
####################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The L2CAP layer enables connection-oriented channels that can be enabled using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_L2CAP_DYNAMIC_CHANNEL` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The L2CAP layer enables connection-oriented channels that you can enable using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_L2CAP_DYNAMIC_CHANNEL` Kconfig option.
```

   {
       uint8_t conn_index = bt_conn_index(conn);

       *chan = &fixed_chan[conn_index];

       **chan = (struct bt_l2cap_chan){
           .ops = &ops,
       };

       return 0;
   }

   BT_L2CAP_FIXED_CHANNEL_DEFINE(fixed_channel) = {
       .cid = 0x0010,
       .accept = l2cap_fixed_accept,
   };

Channel instances are represented by the :c:struct:`bt_l2cap_chan` structure containing the callbacks in the :c:struct:`bt_l2cap_chan_ops` structure.
This structure indicates when the channel has been connected, disconnected, or when the encryption has changed.
In addition, it also contains the ``recv`` callback that is called whenever data has been received.
Data received this way can be marked as processed by returning ``0`` or using the :c:func:`bt_l2cap_chan_recv_complete` function if processing is asynchronous.

.. note::
   The ``recv`` callback is called directly from RX thread.
   It is not recommended to be blocked for long periods of time.

For sending data, the :c:func:`bt_l2cap_chan_send` function can be used to note that it may block if no credits are available, and resuming as soon as more credits are available.

> Servers can be registered using the :c:func:`bt_l2cap_server_register` function passing the :c:struct:`bt_l2cap_server` structure that indicates which ``psm`` it should listen to, the required
> security level ``sec_level``, and the callback ``accept`` that is called to authorize incoming connection requests and allocate channel instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can register servers using the :c:func:`bt_l2cap_server_register` function passing the :c:struct:`bt_l2cap_server` structure that indicates which ``psm`` it should listen to, the required security level ``sec_level``, and the callback ``accept`` that is called to authorize incoming connection requests and allocate channel instances.
```

> Client channels can be initiated using the :c:func:`bt_l2cap_chan_connect` function and disconnected using the :c:func:`bt_l2cap_chan_disconnect` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can initiate client channels using the :c:func:`bt_l2cap_chan_connect` function and disconnected using the :c:func:`bt_l2cap_chan_disconnect` function.
```

.. _bt_l2cap:

Logical Link Control and Adaptation Protocol (L2CAP)
####################################################

L2CAP layer enables connection-oriented channels which can be enabled with the
configuration option: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_L2CAP_DYNAMIC_CHANNEL`. These channels
support segmentation and reassembly transparently, they also support credit

> based flow control making it suitable for data streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The L2CAP layer enables connection-oriented channels that can be enabled using the 
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_L2CAP_DYNAMIC_CHANNEL` Kconfig option.
These channels support segmentation and reassembly transparently.
They also support credit-based flow control making it suitable for data streams.
```
